Update ssh.md to make docs clearer (#1331)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: src/development/ssh.md

## SSH to your Web Server

> In the management console header, select the environment tab, and select the environment that you want to ssh into. You will find an `SSH` drop down button towards the top right. Click it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the management console header, click on the environment tab and select the environment that you want to SSH into. You will find an `SSH` drop down button towards the top right. Click the dropdown and copy the SSH command listed there.
```
